Enterprise v4 (#156)
astronomer/cloud-docs: enterprise/ac-support-policy.md

---
title: 'Astronomer Certified Versioning and Support'
sidebar_label: 'Versioning and Support Policy'
id: ac-support-policy

> description: Versioning and lifecycle policy for Astronomer Certified, Astronomer's Apache Airflow offering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Versioning and lifecycle policy for Astronomer Certified, our Apache Airflow offering for Astronomer Enterprise.
```
